Feat(web-react): Introduce UNSTABLE_Header & Navigation #DS-1524 (#1785)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: packages/web-react/src/components/UNSTABLE_Header/README.md

```jsx
import { UNSTABLE_HeaderLogo } from '@lmc-eu/spirit-web-react';

<UNSTABLE_HeaderLogo>{/* Content go here */}</UNSTABLE_HeaderLogo>;
```

It inherits the `UNSTABLE_Header` height and sets the logo wrapper height to the same value.

You can use the `ProductLogo` component inside the `UNSTABLE_HeaderLogo` component.

```jsx
<UNSTABLE_HeaderLogo href="#">
  <ProductLogo>{/* Logo go here */}</ProductLogo>
</UNSTABLE_HeaderLogo>
```

### API

| Name       | Type                    | Default | Required | Description                        |
| ---------- | ----------------------- | ------- | -------- | ---------------------------------- |
| `children` | `string` \| `ReactNode` | `null`  | ✓        | Content of the UNSTABLE_HeaderLogo |

## Component Composition

Use [`Container`][web-react-container] and [`Flex`][web-react-flex] components to create a layout for the Header content.

```jsx
<UNSTABLE_Header>
  <Container>
    <Flex alignmentX="left" alignmentY="center">
      <UNSTABLE_HeaderLogo href="#">
        <ProductLogo>{/* Logo go here */}</ProductLogo>
      </UNSTABLE_HeaderLogo>
      {/* Navigation go here */}

>       {/* Other Navgation go here */}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      {/* Other Navigation go here */}
```
everywhere

# UNSTABLE Header

> ⚠️ This component is UNSTABLE. It may significantly change at any point in the future.
> Please use it with caution.

> The `UNSTABLE_Header` component is planned to replace the `Header` component in the future.

Reviewer 2: **suggestion (if-minor):** In the next major release, IMHO.

Reviewer 2: Also, could we please deprecate the current `Header` component? Or should we do this in another issue? @crishpeen

Reviewer: I think we can deprecate it when we are able to replicate the whole header using the unstable one. Right now, we don't have a Drawer and maybe some other components. I think when we have the full header example in UNSTABLE_Header, we can deprecate the stable one.

Reviewer 2: Ok, I have made an issue for this https://jira.almacareer.tech/browse/DS-1598

> This component provides these components:

Reviewer 3: > component provides (…) components

This sounds like a recursion, doesn't it 🙂. Elsewhere (`Header`, `Modal`), we have it like this:

> Modal is a composition of several subcomponents:

Author: It's based on web documentation for UNSTABLE_Header [packages/web/src/scss/components/UNSTABLE_Header/README.md](https://github.com/lmc-eu/spirit-design-system/pull/1808/files#diff-2d3816df5d0800020420689f68dddb3ff3e02a20ba6876321368810acb255a68)

So we need to discuss it @crishpeen

Reviewer: changed to 
```
The `UNSTABLE_Header` is a composition of several subcomponents:
```
in web

Author: Also changed. Thanks

- [UNSTABLE_Header](#unstable-header)
- [UNSTABLE_HeaderLogo](#unstable-headerlogo)

## UNSTABLE Header

The `UNSTABLE_Header` component is a main wrapper which provides mainly the visual for the Header.

```jsx
import { UNSTABLE_Header } from '@lmc-eu/spirit-web-react';

<UNSTABLE_Header>{/* Content go here */}</UNSTABLE_Header>;
```

> It also sets CSS variable for the Header height which can be used in other nested components.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It also sets CSS variable for the Header height which can be used by nested components.
```

I had to read it twice, this is clearer, I believe.

Reviewer: changed like the suggestion in web

### API

| Name       | Type                    | Default | Required | Description                    |
| ---------- | ----------------------- | ------- | -------- | ------------------------------ |
| `children` | `string` \| `ReactNode` | `null`  | ✓        | Content of the UNSTABLE_Header |

The components accept [additional attributes][readme-additional-attributes].
If you need more control over the styling of a component, you can use [style props][readme-style-props]
and [escape hatches][readme-escape-hatches].

> ## UNSTABLE HeaderLogo

Reviewer 2: **suggestion (if-minor):** I think that this subcomponent does not need to be `UNSTABLE_`. It is new and unique and not in a collision like a Header.

Reviewer: It is a subcomponent of UNSTABLE_Header. If it would be called just HeaderLogo I would look for it in Header, where it is not placed. Also it would be confusing in (S)CSS. 

Also we can benefit from the instability and bring BCs disguised as fixes/features if we find out it does not work :)

The `UNSTABLE_HeaderLogo` component is a container for the logo.

Without any modifier, Header is ready to contain necessary blocks in a classic

> left-to-right layout (in LTR documents).

Reviewer 3: I think this sentence doesn't belong here.

@crishpeen BTW, do we still support RTL in the new `Header`?

Author: removed

<UNSTABLE_HeaderLogo>{/* Content go here */}</UNSTABLE_HeaderLogo>;
```

It inherits the `UNSTABLE_Header` height and sets the logo wrapper height to the same value.

You can use the `ProductLogo` component inside the `UNSTABLE_HeaderLogo` component.

```jsx
<UNSTABLE_HeaderLogo href="#">
  <ProductLogo>{/* Logo go here */}</ProductLogo>
</UNSTABLE_HeaderLogo>
```

### API

| Name       | Type                    | Default | Required | Description                        |
| ---------- | ----------------------- | ------- | -------- | ---------------------------------- |
| `children` | `string` \| `ReactNode` | `null`  | ✓        | Content of the UNSTABLE_HeaderLogo |

## Component Composition

Use [`Container`][web-react-container] and [`Flex`][web-react-flex] components to create a layout for the Header content.

```jsx
<UNSTABLE_Header>
  <Container>
    <Flex alignmentX="left" alignmentY="center">
      <UNSTABLE_HeaderLogo href="#">
        <ProductLogo>{/* Logo go here */}</ProductLogo>
      </UNSTABLE_HeaderLogo>
      {/* Navigation go here */}
      {/* Other Navgation go here */}
    </Flex>
  </Container>
</UNSTABLE_Header>
```

> This way you can modify the layout of the Header content easily and modify it how you need.

Reviewer 3: Copilot, I can see you 👻 

```suggestion
This way you can easily modify the layout of the Header content.
```

Author: again... it's based on web implementation https://github.com/lmc-eu/spirit-design-system/pull/1808/files

We can update it @crishpeen

Author: changed

Reviewer: changed like the suggestion in web

For example you can make the content centered by setting the `Flex` alignment properties to center.

```jsx
<UNSTABLE_Header>
  <Flex alignmentX="center" alignmentY="center">
    <UNSTABLE_HeaderLogo href="#">
      <ProductLogo>{/* Content go here */}</ProductLogo>
    </UNSTABLE_HeaderLogo>
  </Flex>
</UNSTABLE_Header>
```

> Or you can make modify gaps between the content by setting the `Flex` spacing property.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Or you can modify the gaps between the content by setting the `Flex` `spacing` property.
```

Author: same as in https://github.com/lmc-eu/spirit-design-system/pull/1785#discussion_r1880160819

Reviewer: changed like the suggestion in web

      {/* Other Navgation go here */}
    </Flex>
  </Container>
</UNSTABLE_Header>
```

If you need the whole Header fluid you can do it by adding the `isFluid` prop to the `Container`.

```jsx
<UNSTABLE_Header>
  <Container isFluid>
    <Flex alignmentX="left" alignmentY="center" spacing="space-500">
      <UNSTABLE_HeaderLogo href="#">
        <ProductLogo>{/* Content go here */}</ProductLogo>
      </UNSTABLE_HeaderLogo>
    </Flex>
  </Container>
</UNSTABLE_Header>
```

## With Navigation

You can use the [`Navigation`][web-react-navigation] component inside the `UNSTABLE_Header` component.

The `NavigationLink` components will inherit the `UNSTABLE_Header` height and set the navigation
link height to the same value.

Use the composition mentioned above to create the layout you need.

```jsx
<UNSTABLE_Header>
  <Container>
    <Flex alignmentX="left" alignmentY="center" spacing="space-1000">
      <UNSTABLE_HeaderLogo href="/">
        <ProductLogo>{/* Logo go here */}</ProductLogo>
      </UNSTABLE_HeaderLogo>
      <Navigation>
        <NavigationItem>
          <NavigationLink href="#">Link</NavigationLink>
        </NavigationItem>
        <NavigationItem>

>           <NavigationLink href="#" aria-current="page" isSelected>

Reviewer 2: It can be based on `isSelected` prop. BTW, wouldn't it be more convenient if the prop will be `isCurrent` like in the `PaginationLink`?

>           <NavigationLink href="#" aria-current="page" isSelected>

Author: updated

>           <NavigationLink href="#" aria-current="page" isSelected>

Reviewer: FYI as Navigation can be used not only for Header page navigation, the aria attr shouldn't be added internally. It should be properly documented and user should add it manually
